README.md, before:

# blog-client

I know there are a million blog applications out there, but I don't feel like using someone else's code to power mine, so I'm writing my own. This is a personal project intended for myself, so use it at your own discretion.

To see it in action just check out

[blog.sikosoft.com](http://blog.sikosoft.com)

The code is free to use however you want, but it contains no back-end. For the back-end API my blog communicates with, I have [another repository](https://github.com/SikoSoft/blog-server) that serves endpoints this client handles. My back-end is an Azure function app, running MariaDB, but I deliberately decoupled the client from the back-end so this application could be running against a completely different setup.

## Project setup
```
npm install
```

### Compiles and hot-reloads for development
```
npm run serve
```

### Compiles and minifies for production
```
npm run build
```

### Run your tests
```
npm run test
```

### Lints and fixes files
```
npm run lint
```

### Customize configuration
See [Configuration Reference](https://cli.vuejs.org/config/).

Commit message:

updated readme with some conventions I want this project to follow

README.md, after:

# blog-client

I know there are a million blog applications out there, but I don't feel like using someone else's code to power mine, so I'm writing my own. This is a personal project intended for myself, so use it at your own discretion.

To see it in action just check out

[blog.sikosoft.com](http://blog.sikosoft.com)

The code is free to use however you want, but it contains no back-end. For the back-end API my blog communicates with, I have [another repository](https://github.com/SikoSoft/blog-server) that serves endpoints this client handles. My back-end is an Azure function app, running MariaDB, but I deliberately decoupled the client from the back-end so this application could be running against a completely different setup.

# Conventions

All props should be explicitly defined by their expected type.

All includes/requires should omit the file extension when possible.

Use "isOpen" when referring to the state of something, not just "open". Verbs should be reserved for actions, not states.

Use affirmative terminology in all cases. isOpen rather than closed.
